no matter where you come from
my girlfriend sorry but I wanna marry
Michael Jackson where your dreams take
you congratulations you've just been
promoted the one thing that never
changes my outside is the place called
home straight back to New York City you
don't know what you're missing oh you
really don't remember me how the
determine to be mrs. Michael Jackson and
how's that going
Oh turns out I'm not his type but my
only surviving relative or the condition
that Darren gets the choir accepted into
the annual gospel competition I'm not
leading some small-town choir $150,000 I
was just kidding about that small-town
stuff where's our choir you're looking
at it to make a last wish come true
church choir now open
[Music]
you gotta be kidding me it will take
more than a miracle fire I'd like you to
meet our new soloist fan oh hi
the Lord is good you think we have a
shot at winning
I got prisoners saying for the beating
doing somebody for making fun of my high
voice okay Paramount Pictures in
association with MTV Films presents
[Music]
The Fighting Temptations a story that
will lift your spirits
and rock your soul
hey there's a no smoking no drinking no
fun and living at all House Academy
Award winner Cuba Gooding jr. Grammy
winner Beyonce Knowles
[Music]
son if that ain't Jesus callin shut it
off the temptations
[Music]
[Applause]